
# Simon's Game
Welcome to Simon's Game repository! This is a simple implementation of the classic Simon game using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.

## Play the Simon's Game
[Play it Now!](https://divyesh-ashok.github.io/Simons_Game/)

## Overview
Simon is a memory game where the player must mimic the sequence of lights and sounds generated by the game. The sequence gets longer and more complex as the game progresses. The goal is to replicate the longest sequence possible without making a mistake.

## Features
1. User-friendly interface
2. Engaging sound effects and animations
3. Increasing difficulty level as the game progresses
4. Score tracking to keep record of the player's performance

## Installation
To run this game locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Divyesh-ashok/Simons_Game.git
   
3. Open the index.html file in your web browser.

## Usage
Press a key to start the game.
Pay attention to the sequence of lights and sounds played by the game.
Once the game starts, click on the colored buttons to mimic the sequence.
If you make a mistake, the game will indicate it and you can choose to restart.
Keep playing and try to beat your high score!

## Contributing
If you'd like to contribute to this project, feel free to fork this repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

Acknowledgements
Special thanks to the original creators of Simon and to the community for their support and feedback.
